---
title: Sci-Fi Adventures 1
layout: template
filename: scifi1.md
--- 

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/styles.css">

Svyatoslav Nevreski climbed slowly onto the bridge, bare chested as he often was and wearing nothing but tight uniform pants. He stretched softly, stifling a fang-mawed yawn as he leaned on the back of his chair. "<span class="svy-speak">Alph. Situation report. I know you're still being integrated into ship systems... but has the Primary Tachyon net caught a High Energy Tachyon yet? Or are we still playing the waiting game?</span>" The FTL drives of the Calumet were 'Tachyon-Bubble' drives... which used a single High Energy Tachyon to create a pseudo-bubble of lower-energy tachyons around the ship that would allow the ship to travel at hyper-FTL speeds in the plane of energy where Tachyons existed... for as long as the bubble retained its integrity due to impacts with tachyons in 'tach-space.' While they did not need to 'charge' their Tach-Drive, they did need to capture High Energy Tachyons to create the bubble. HETs were most often created and thrown out by stars...which also where the most resistance from Low Energy Tachyons were.

Alph had been straight up purchased from a 'Used AI Dealer' at the last Waystation before the Calumet left the regulated trade lanes.

Alph-01 looked up at the captain from where they were sitting, taking a mere microsecond to confirm that Svyatoslav was a registered user. Their eyes flashed once before they respond. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Current High Energy Tachyon count: 0. There is approximately a 75% chance of capturing one tachyon within the next five minutes.</span>" They made no motion to physically get up and respond to the captain, as they are currently physically wired into the ship at several places to achieve higher bandwidths. 

Svyatoslav nodded quietly, "<span class="svy-speak">Integrity of the Emergency Tachyon net? Do we still have one captured there?</span>" Ships operating on Trade Coalition trade-routes were required to have at least 1 Primary, and 1 Emergency tachyon net. This allowed them to always have the ability to make an emergency jump towards a star where they could limp from star to star in case of damage to the primary tachyon net. The Calumet, being an ex-Military dispatch vessel had FOUR tachyon nets, allowing for three consecutive jumps before it was down to it's Emergency Tachyon net. This gave the Calumet an extremely long range and high speed in jump, lowering the average time needed to go a distance compared to other vessels when it had all four of it's nets filled.

However, Tachyons were extremely energy intensive, and while they could allow a vessel to jump at potentially unlimited amounts of the speed of light? They could also expend that energy in a more physical way. By releasing it in energy, heat, light, power... explosively. As a Tachyon Net held a High Energy Tachyon over time, the net would degrade until it would need to release the Tachyon and have maintenance done to it. If the net was damaged in any way, the Tachyon had a high probability of vaporizing the ship in a giant corona of brilliant light and energy. Most ships had safe guards that if a Net degraded beyond a certain point, it would 'Blow out' the net and release the Tachyon in a semi-controlled way, lowering damage to the ship to near-null.

"<span class="svy-speak">Also, what is your status on systems integration? I see you still have your remote wired directly into the system...</span>" - He wasn't an AI tech. To him Alph was a program, and the 'body' Alph resided in was a remote, while the AI Core (Which was empty, at least until Alph arrived) was where Alph should be residing. For its size, the AI Core and computer system onboard the Calumet was absolutely titanic... a mainframe big enough to house multiple AIs, and control a Battlecruiser with fleet-Command and Control suites. Most of the core was barren and empty, the Calumet's days of moving critical and important military information long behind her...

Alph responded, "<span class="alph-speak blue">The emergency-please hold.</span>" They hummed softly, then, a moment later, the the ship accelerated in the starboard direction, slightly, before stopping again a few seconds later. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Heuristic probability mapping indicates a higher chance of tachyon activity in this area.</span>" The robot remained crouched over their workstation, continuing, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net 0 integrity is 65%, with one tachyon remaining. There is a 90% chance of filling Net 1 in the next three minutes. There is a 72% chance of filling nets two and three within the next eight minutes.</span>"

"<span class="alph-speak blue">System integration at-</span>" Alph suddenly stops, turning their head off to the side, before chiming once. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net 1 filled at 90% integrity. Integration status is 70%. I am currently wired into the ship to provide higher bandwidth and a quicker connection to the ship's core systems rates. While I could interface over the network, this provides an important improvement in reaction time.</span>"

Svyatoslav nodded softly, again. "<span class="svy-speak">Very good, very good.</span>" He looked out across the expanse of the system. While the holo-tank in front of the chair showed a much-zoomed-out version of the star system, the heavily polarized windows of the bridge were showing an absolutely stunning view of the star. "<span class="svy-speak">How's fuel looking? Are we going to have to scoop, or do we have enough Pile onboard for the mapped trip?</span>" Starships typically used Fusion reactors, typically small to medium vessels had two, while larger ones could have up to five or even six of varying sizes. The Calumet had two, one rather impressive destroyer grade 'Class 2 Military' fusion core, and a much smaller 'Class 3 Civilian' emergency core. Much like the Tachyon nets, the smaller core was designed as purely a backup and was just powerful enough to run the gravitic drive and the basic life support and computers, enough to limp home while the Class 2 core was more than enough to power everything aboard with a sufficient overhead to overclock just about everything onboard.

Fusion cores could run off of pure hydrogen scooped from atmospheres or space, but that ran rough and caused excessive wear on the Core's physical systems. Typically they ran off a pink-colored sludge called 'Fusion Pile', which was a mix of various elements as well as Hydrogen that enhanced burn, containment, and kept physical contacts and systems cleaner with less wear...but it had to be refined, and thus cost money. And, if you weren't jumping along the trade lanes, you often found yourself running out of it away from a refueling point...leaving it to scoops and hydrogen.

The Calumet had 2 types of STL drives. The first was the Gravitic Array, which created a bubble of a gravitic field around the ship and then polarized the bubble in certain ways, allowing for the ship to 'Fall' in a direction, as well as be 'Pushed' in a direction towards the wall of the bubble which was constantly staying a distance away from the ship. This bubble also acted as a shielding array, warping light and energy, scattering it before it hit the ship as well as acting as a deflector to deflect, push, slow, or stop...or even crush and vaporize projectiles moving towards the ship. The Gravitic array was maintained by nearly four-dozen gravitic 'nodes' mounted around the hull of the ship which were quite an energy drain when activated.

The second type of STL were two massive Fusion Torches mounted on either side of the ship, acting like classic rocket motors with a number of ion thrusters mounted about the ship as well for pitch, yaw, and roll and some semblance of retroactive thrust. Incredibly powerful and if they were mounted directly on the stern of the Calumet? Could even be used as weapons. Sadly they were mounted amidships with minor blast deflectors to keep the 'Tail' of the ship safe if they were active. The problem with Fusion Torches was they used the exact same fuel as the Fusion Cores that powered the ship, providing extreme thrust if the gravitic bubble was damaged or down...but burning through fuel like nobody's business.

Alph checked the fuel reserves, responding, "<span class="alph-speak blue">We have enough Pile material for the entire jump, presuming that the Torches are never activated and we maintain no more than 0.1% error from the designated course.</span>" Of course, any significant deviation would cause them to not have enough fuel, and in space, that's rather dangerous, as both of them doubtlessly knew. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Current fuel reserves are also sufficient for approximately 1.00 standard cycle hours of Fusion Torch activation.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski nodded, stepping around the chair and tapping away at the holograms. "<span class="svy-speak">Have you run checks on the CPLs and HSLs?</span>" He looked across the bridge with a sad look. The ship's logs had recorded the last run. It was a 'High Value Cargo and Data' run for a Therion Corporation...through a Saurian Kingdom blockade to a Therion world to extract both a VIP and important data from a corporation holding. It should have been a milk run, but their jump had brought them in almost inside of a Saurian Kingdom destroyer squadron. That had been hard, and they'd been heavily damaged. Svy had made a stupid call to go through with the run, though. They entered orbit with the Saurians hot on their damaged tail, only to be engaged by Therion planetary defenses. When they finally reached the surface and relative safety, they took the ship's shuttle to the city...and were immediately engaged by Saurian ground forces. One gunfight later, two crewmembers dead, and the VIP smeared across the pavement...he managed to get back to his ship with the data core.

Even then, they still had to get out of the system. They ran the blockade, lost another crewmember to a laser cutting through the hull, and finally managed to make the jump out. Little did he know, their opponents had a Tachyon Sensor Array set up and tracked the wake. They came out of jump and were set upon less than two hours later by destroyers. That *certainly* hadn't been a good time, but they'd gotten out. After putting in at the station where the drop off? What remained of his crew left him. He'd put the ship in for repairs, and what came after two weeks of fruitless advertising as the Calumet came out of the yard? He'd been forced to drop a hefty coin on an AI in the hopes it could take up the slack of a ship designed for a minimum of seven crew being operated by one.

Svy sighed softly and looked out across the bow. The Calumet was armed with two twin 'CPLs' or Charged Particle Lances. These were lance, or beam, weapons designed to fire directed charged particles. Slower firing, but intensely more devastating than your standard Particle cannons. That is to say, when they were mounted on much larger ships and were much larger. The Calumet's CPLs were just slightly bigger than what you'd see on a Trade Coalition main battle tank, with [two barrels](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Bauerhall-Class-Heavy-Tank-604673270) mounted on a turret forward and ventral... and then another pair mounted just aft of amidships dorsally. They were straightforward weapons and one of the most basic and common ship-to-ship combat weapons amongst the known races. Point at target, and release the particles in the particle accelerator down the focusing coils of the barrel. They would project a beam of coherent particles at the enemy ship delivering both EM, Thermal, and Kinetic energy on target for approximately a half to full second depending on the weapon.

The HSLs, or 'High Speed Lasers', were a rotary weapon system that used high power capacitors chained together running on a track to fire laser pulses through a rotating series of focusing array barrels. This cut down on heat on any individual barrel, as well as allowed the capacitors (Typically 15-30) to run down a loop track inside of a liquid nitrogen bath to cool down, and charge as they travelled the entire flexible track, being fully charged and cooled by the time they reached the firing position once more. At which point the capacitor would trigger a massive burst of energy through a high power diode, which would then be focused down the aligned focusing array and all its gasses into a single high power bolt of energy. High speed lasers were *typically* used for point defense against incoming missiles and occasional slower moving projectile weapons, as well as against fighters and if focused on a lighter combatant... warships - or civilian vessels - in an attempt to overwhelm and carve through gravitic arrays. The Calumet had four retractable HSL turrets, two forward (One dorsal, one ventral), and two aft same configuration. Each HSL was linked to the ship's sensor arrays but also had a local sensor array (Much like the CIWS of 'modern' times) to determine firing solutions based on the individual weapon's location and to serve as a backup if its connection to the main sensor array was cut.

The fennec-shaped bot didn't respond, but nodded and closed their eyes. A moment later, all of the ships weapons were tested, guns extending, turning, charging, safely discharging, and retracting within a few moments, even though it was rather hard to tell from the inside. None of the weapons systems were fired, as it would've been a waste of energy and an attraction of too much unwanted attention. Approximately two minutes later, Alph opened their eyes again, reporting "<span class="alph-speak blue">All systems functional. There is a minor energy leakage in capacitor 16 of the Aft-Dorsal HSL.</span>"

As far as anyone could say, the little robot was 'used', having been found by the dealer offline in one of the orbital junkyards near the waystation. The used-AI dealer didn't have much more information than that, having only charged up Alph's battery to make sure that it still ran correctly, and not even initializing their boot sequence. Even the robot themselves wasn't able to answer much about their own history - they must've been in that junkyard for a while, as their primary memory core had degraded to a significant degree. Fragmentation had rendered most of their data obsolete, though it didn't effect their skills too much. 

Captain Nevreski smiled at the little creature, he had to admit the remote was rather high quality. In fact, it was what he spent the most money on! The AI dealer had barely charged him for what was 'Essentially a standard grade Autonomous AI' but the significant quality of the remote construct the AI was loaded into was quite a bit of money. In fact, had it been a station any closer to the central worlds of some of the minor nations? Svy probably would never have been able to afford Alph. But being such a backwater station, there had been little hope of selling the little AI to any high priced buyers. So, Svy had won out.

"<span class="svy-speak">Hmm, check stores. I asked the station's shipyard to use what we had onboard to lower as much costs as possible. I don't know how many HSL Capacitors they ran through on repairs. Do we have any extra capacitors? Is the leakage significant enough to NEED to swap it out?</span>" He looked over the consoles. "<span class="svy-speak">We have three more jumps. Diadact System, Halloway's Forge, and Knight's Requiem.</span>" Turning back to the holo-table he zoomed it out. "<span class="svy-speak">There's a pirate station at Requiem. We'll see if we can get anything simple or straightforward there. After the chaos with the Saurian Kingdom, I want to stay out of the main trade lanes.</span>" He double-tapped the screen and brought up Requiem. One of the massive [Mining Titans](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Kazekin-Class-Super-Heavy-Miner-422714001) had rolled through the system nearly a hundred fifty years back, spent twenty years strip mining the place, crackling planets, blasting moons... stripping anything and everything of value. The system was little more than a massive series of asteroid belts with a few gas giants. "<span class="svy-speak">You think by the time we get there, you'll be integrated enough with the ship's Navigation computers to help me get through that astroid, comet, and dangerous-flying-rock-projectile ridden hell maze?</span>"

Alph-01 let out an error tone. "<span class="alph-speak blue">No additional capacitors listed in cargo logs. The cargo logs may or may not reflect the status of the cargo bay, but I am unable to properly interface with bay sensors at this time. Integration status is at 72%. Fuzzy projections on integration efficiency relay 85% efficiency by requested target. It is likely that this can be done.</span>" They appeared to then lean back and stretch, extending and contracting muscles against the wiring and even adjusting the angle and orientation of their ears, slightly.

Alph-01 spoke again, apparently remembering something. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Current capacitor running at 75% efficiency. I apologize for not including that in the report.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski chuckled softly, watching the little synthetic shift and stretch. He couldn't help himself. "<span class="svy-speak">Your remote is well made. The synth-muscle structure on it's underlying chassis is very well woven.</span>" He looked down at his own beefy musculature and flexed and shifted his own arms as if to reflect what the much smaller AI had done. "<span class="svy-speak">Though, we may need to invest in a heavier duty remote at some point for you to enter. For cargo loading, and the intimidation factor.</span>" He frowned, "<span class="svy-speak">I don't even think my body is going to be intimidating enough on that station. I used to roll in four deep.</span>" He shook his head. "<span class="svy-speak">You ever seen a Sutfein? Of course you have. They're in your [Databanks.](https://static.f-list.net/images/charimage/15755178.jpg) The use them as standard security aboard that station. I don't mean security as in, do-gooder peacekeepers. I mean the Pirate-Lord's enforcers - more likely to kill you than jail you.</span>" He shook his head, thinking about the sheer [size](https://imagizer.imageshack.com/img921/4699/GdRstJ.jpg) of one of the creatures.

At the AI's addition he nodded, noting, "<span class="svy-speak">75% is a big bite. But it'll have to do. Hopefully the overall rate of fire of an HSL will overcome a single faulty capacitor. I mean, their designed to operate with dead capacitors in the chain.</span>" While the Gravitic Array was by far and away the biggest draw of the ship, typically the sensor arrays were second, located in the ventral 'Tower' just forward of the shuttle bay. But during combat or when the weapons were active? The CPLs and HSLs leapt up well past even the sensors on active seek mode. He looked over the sensor returns. "<span class="svy-speak">The Tachyon Mast...</span>" He referred to the Antenna-structure on the dorsal portion of the ship just forward of the dorsal CPL turret, "<span class="svy-speak">Is it picking up any TachNet messages we should be aware of? Have you updated your code-systems?</span>"

TachNet was the informal name for the FTL communications network of the Known Races. Utilizing pulses of semi-charged Low Energy Tachyons, Antennas could send and receive high-speed Dots and Dashes of Tachyons, much like the classic Wireless Morse Code. These Low Energy Tachyons were even lower energy than the typical tachyons used for bubbles and did not interfere or damage Tachyon Bubbles in any way...and while interference and static was common? It allowed for a ship to communicate over long distances near-instantaneously. The issue was that you couldn't stop the Tachyons from reaching everyone. So, they were done in code with markers sent before the message.

The inherent problem was that TachNet broadcasts only went so far before the static and interference made them unreadable. This meant relay stations were set up, so-called [Subspace Beacon Ships](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Subspace-Beacon-Ship-418708081) that broadcast their location as pulses with Navigation-Grade Low Energy Tachyons, as well as receiving the Morse-Code from both it's sister stations along the chain at specified times, and re-transmitting that information on down the chain. While 'slow', it was faster than waiting for a ship travelling via Tachyon Drive to fly between locations.

The issue of the TachNet being essentially insecure and unable to be transmitted directionally made sending sensitive information over it incredibly iffy and dangerous, which is why ships like the Calumet were originally built by the Navies of the known races. While slower than the TachNet, they were faster than most other vessels, small, easy to mass produce, and could move sensitive information, people, and items around the universe without worrying about being overheard by wandering ears. Dispatch Boats, just like the age of sail, moving mail, packages, and people about the empires.

Svy, however, was referring to low-power open TachNet broadcasts from other potentially nearby ships. General chatter like you would hear on any radio, SOSes, propositions, warnings, notifications... anything sent on the lowest power of Tachyons that got eaten up by 'static' quickly.

Alph-01 replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">I have the latest in 2163 PF codecs installed. There is, however, surprisingly little TachNet chatter - mostly just some ads from an electronic and robotic goods trader - and a surprisingly large amount of interference and untranslatable data.</span>"

They tilted their head slightly, accessing information about the Sutfein in their databases, and matching the species up with various scenarios at close to the speed of light. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Especially considering the circumstances, another body would certainly be useful. Though it would be just what you said - a remote - and nothing more.</span>"

Svyatoslav frowned at that last statement, quirking a brow. What an odd thing for an AI to say. All bipedal robotic/cybernetic chassis were remotes, AIs were housed in starship AI cores. He shrugged it off, he was no AI tech. Hell this was his FIRST AI and he'd had to read a few books and holo-documentaries on them before making his purchase -- Alph would no doubt find them highly amusing, as they were stored as a few tiny files in the Captain's personal folder on the monolithic storage of the Dispatch Boat's core. He, however, shrugged the odd comment off and merely nodded. "<span class="svy-speak">That's good. A trader transmitting in the open means he feels safe. And that's probably just low grade tachyon disruption from the nearby stars.</span>"

"<span class="svy-speak">Status on Tachyon Nets Two and Three? We've been sitting still for long enough. Bring up the Gravitic Array and get us some distance from this star so we're clear from any major Low Energy Tachyons that might want to assail our Bubble before we can get some distance from the system.</span>" He sighed, "<span class="svy-speak">God how I wish we had a full TachNet Mast and Sensor.</span>" Being able to see ripples and wakes of Tachyon-Bubbles of potential passing ships was a dream of most captains... that right being held by major [Stellar Combatants](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Carronade-Class-Monitor-491842377). TachNet masts allowed a ship to essentially take control of a local area of space's Super-Low-Energy Tachyon field and create a field where high-bit-rate pulses of specially charged Tachyons could be sent and received, creating the ability to send 1s and 0s through the TachNet and having an actual subspace data-network that could send Visual and Data comms faster than light. The tall Bird-Cage style mast on the stern formed the TachNet mast for Therion Vessels. But that tech was controlled, stupidly expensive, and not something a low-on-cash smuggler like Svy would have.

Alph-01 replied "<span class="alph-speak blue">Information noted,</span>" then paused for a moment, and chimed. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net 2 filled at 65% integrity. Net 3 predict-Net 3 filled at 95% integrity.</span>" They look over at Syv, who was still standing out in the open. "<span class="alph-speak blue">For safety reasons, please take a seat before the use of the Gravatic Array.</span>" Alph then closed their eyes, stretching their wire-wrapped arms out in front of them, as if that would actually do anything, and preparing to fire the Array. While they waited for the captain to sit, they plotted out a course to the most optimal launch location, based on a pre-calculated tachyon probability distribution map for the stellar area.

Svyatoslav Nevreski frowned deeply, "<span class="svy-speak">Net 2 is only at 65% Integrity? Damn. Damn, damn, damn. Remind me? Was it 30 or 40% Integrity that the safety locks release and it emergency blows a net?</span>" He rubbed his brow, shaking his head. "<span class="svy-speak">We'll use Net Two for our first jump, just to get it empty. Then Net One, finally Net Three. We'll reopen Nets One and Three while we are in the Requiem system and keep Two down until we can get some maintenance done on it. Do you have any documentation on maintenance of Tachyon Nets? Because I had an engineer for that. I'm going to need help.</span>" He heaved a frustrated sigh, "<span class="svy-speak">Day keeps getting better, Alph.</span>" He then lifted himself into his chair. "<span class="svy-speak">Alright, I'm in. Bring up the Gravitic nodes, prep for polarization. Please do a system-wide check on each of the nodes for integrity. A bunch of them were replaced, but not all of them were taken out. Some were 'repaired', or not 'damaged enough' to warrant being replaced or repaired. We need to know where our weak points are.</span>" The Calumet had approximately twenty nodes spread out across each of her longest facings, those being the belly, back, and both sides... with five more positioned on her pointed bow to face forward, and five more on her boxy stern to face aft.

"<span class="svy-speak">Once you've done the checks, you're clear to polarize and get us moving.</span>" He looked at the holo-tank in front of him, thinking. 

Tachyons emanated from stars, whether they were High Energy or Low Energy or even Super Low Energy used in comms. They expanded chaotically from a central point in a perfect globe. No one knew exactly how to *map* how a star pumped them out over the long term. But while there wasn't a tied down sequence to the tachyons exactly, each star tended to have it's own vague pattern that AIs specifically were powerful enough to determine. Otherwise ships just burnt towards the edge of a system to lower the chances of a barrage of LETs the moment they went into Tachyon space. Because Tachyons generally travelled in a direct, straight line, it was far easier to get High Energy Tachyons closer to a star. You could still capture them out in the middle of nowhere, in the black... nut it was far more unlikely and would take FAR longer. There were stories of Ghost Ships running on an AI that finally completed a Jump a hundred years after it was deemed lost, after the crew were mummified corpses or skeletons on it's decks, huddled and run out of food, water, or air...and at random, the AI managed to capture a HET and complete the jump the crew had been waiting on for so long. Other times? Ships dropped into the black and almost immediately captured a HET. But being trapped in the Black with empty nets was a Space Farer horror story.

Alph-01 replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net blowout configured for 30% integrity. My internal database contains one...half document on Tachyon Net infrastructure. This section contains most of the important notes on net repair, however, and there is a 63% chance that I could provide additional integrity to Net 2, given sufficient time and tools.</span>" They then closed their eyes again, connecting to the node diagnostics system, and then stating, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Warning: left node D1, and top nodes D1, E1, B2 and E2 are all below 50% integrity.</span>" A moment after this the entire Array was polarized in a forward-backward manner, pushing the Calumet's crew back against their seats and accelerating the ship off and away from the star. 

Approximately 20 seconds later, the Array flipped polarity to decelerate the ship and stop within 0.1 meters of their target position. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Transfer complete. Initializing pre-Tach checks,</span>" Alph noted.

Svyatoslav Nevreski sighed softly, rubbing his muzzle frustratedly. "<span class="svy-speak">Don't got enough money. A few good hits will pop those nodes like corks. Alright, such is life. What's your suggestion? Should we leave overload dampening on? Or let them blow?</span>" He referred to the way where if a Node was about to be overloaded, it shut itself off in the hope that any damage that got through would be lessened, rather than trying to stop **all** of the strike, possibly succeeding, but blowing itself apart in it's cradle and losing the node entirely. Node cradles were designed to blow 'Out' inherently, so losing nodes would not necessarily damage the ship's hull or interior. But again, losing nodes meant less shields and less propulsion. Even with dampening, any damage that came through after the node cut off could destroy the node in it's cradle anyhow. 

The Tachyon Drive was significantly less flashy and violent when it activated than when it deactivated. The creation of the Tachyon bubble gave the optical illusion of a grey portal opening below the ship and the ship 'falling' through it, even though the bubble itself was forming around the ship. At the moment of transition, when the bubble fully formed there was a distinct <span class="black">PING!</span> that tended to run through the entire ship's hull. No one knew what caused it, it was always metallic, and it changed tone depending on the size of the ship... the little Calumet's tended to be a sharp almost <span class="black">ding</span>, while some bigger battleships sounded with an almost baritone <span class="black">Thunk!</span> It was often a reassuring sound that told spacers they were somewhere that nothing could hurt them. But at the same time? Windows traditionally went pure black, as looking into the void of grey, and seeing the shifting grey tones that didn't seem to be there even though you *swore* you could see them.... the occasional, mysterious lights that might appear in the shapeless, formless grey that never got close enough, that never quite were able to be picked up by Tachyon Sensors... staring into that grey void was said to lead to whispers digging into the back of your mind. So, the windows were shut, to keep the grey out. The only thing peeking through the bubble was the TachNet mast, dutifully skimming the outside of the Tachyon bubble for transmissions in FTL. All other outside influence was *forcibly* blocked out.

Alph-01 replied "<span class="alph-speak blue">I believe that I can selectively disable the dampeners on the damaged nodes. It is very likely that any strike towards them over the overload limit would destroy them, regardless of the use of dampening. Shall I proceed?</span>" Their ears perked up and they look at Svy expectantly. While doing so, they also continued running checks on the Tachyon Nets and Drive, making sure that everything is 100% - or, at the very least, >90% - functional and ready for the transition into Tach-Space.

Svyatoslav Nevreski nodded gently, "<span class="svy-speak">What's the travel time to Diadact? One day as expected, or are you picking up sufficient tachyon interference to slow us down to lower the degradation of the bubble?</span>" FTL navigation was always an interesting game of 'speed up' and 'slow down' to move about the shifting waves of Low Energy Tachyons. At least, that was the case closer to stars. If you were cruising in the vast gulf between systems, you could run at top speed with little worry through Tach-Space. It always made certain routes easier than others, which was why the Trader's Coalition seemed to have mapped the absolute best for their trade routes, jumps just short enough for the worst tach drives to be well within safety parameters but also managing to slip through 'Gulfs" between star systems where ships would run into the least interference.

"<span class="svy-speak">If we've got enough time, we'll see about doing maintenance on Net Two while it's empty and closed.</span>"

Alph-01 rerouted power from the gravatic dampeners of the damaged nodes, which power down with a faintly audible wirr. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Projected time curves provide an estimated average of 28 hours transit time, with a minimum of 24 hours and a maximum of 32 hours,</span>" they stated, finishing up the checks. The shutters on the windows closed, holographic panels showing a simulation of real-space coming online to provide a distraction from the static-y grey that would soon be outside. Soon enough, an inaudible <span class="black">ding</span>, a sound almost similar to that of metal hitting glass, but more drawn out and reverberating, ricocheted throughout the ship. And they were off. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net 2 expended,</span>" the robot noted, before relaxing back where they were sitting. "<span class="alph-speak blue">There are no current high-priority tasks. If you wish it to be so, I can now start the maintenance cycle of Tachyon Net 2.</span>"

Captain Nevreski rubbed his chin. "<span class="svy-speak">With your current integration, will you manage the FTL speed well enough while operating your remote?</span>" He pushed himself out of the chair and stretched, flexing and taking a second or three to unabashedly admire himself while stretching. That done, he rolled his shoulders and looks over the small remote the AI had come with. "<span class="svy-speak">We'll start the maintenance cycle together, I probably need to learn as well and you can walk me through it with your documents. Unless the shipyard took all our tools. I figure...two hours of good, hard work? Then I'll hit the gym down in the hangar bay. Then, it's Lunch time!</span>" He smirked. "<span class="svy-speak">I found this really nice protein mix - it's the stuff the Therion males use to get that [Hulking](https://static.f-list.net/images/charimage/10139161.jpg) body of theirs when they are acting as the fancy-shmancy eye candy of the Thrall. I'm hoping it will work well for me, I haven't found anything toxic to me *yet*.</span>" His tail flicked gently as he wandered back towards the stairs leading down to the central passageway just forward of the messdeck. Empty crew staterooms lined each wall. If you didn't go down the stairs/ladder, you would go back into the mainframe and information systems compartment. If you went aft from the central hallway, though, you'd reach the Mess Deck.

The mess deck was directly above the sensor array compartment (which itself was directly above the sensor-tower), and below the Mainframe (Which was below the TachNet Antenna). If you went aft from the galley? You'd reach the so-called 'Aft' hallway, which was a T Shaped hallway, with the broad-end of the T pointed towards the bow of the ship. Both branching hallways led to the maintenance compartments for the Fusion Torches. Then heading down the hallway, to one side was the Engineer's Workshop and the other side was the ship's armory.

Alph tilted their head at the captain. "<span class="alph-speak blue">My connection to the ship's core systems will naturally be slower when operating wirelessly, but it is a simple enough task that I do not need to be directly connected to the ship, or directly focused on it. This plan works for myself as well, though I do not have any personal use for physical training or sustenance, and must excuse myself from those activities. Please, however, try not to ingest any toxic substances,</span>" they stated, starting to carefully unhook themselves from the mess of wires. This took several moments, and afterwards they plopped down onto their feet and padded towards the aft of the ship - and Tachyon Net Number Two's bay. Alph reviewed the fragments of the Tachyon Net maintenance manual they had as they walked, a process that only took a few seconds at best.

Svyatoslav Nevreski paused at the Mess Deck to make up a pot of black slurry simply known as pitch black coffee. With that in hand, he then headed aft to the Engineer's Workshop and looked up. "<span class="svy-speak">Ah... Alph? Are there pick ups in here for you to hear me?</span>" -- The pickups were old, slightly muffled, and the visual camera was long since dead - it was clear this ship hadn't had an AI in a long time - but they were there! "<span class="svy-speak">What kind've tools do we need?</span>" Luckily, everything was labelled.

A Tachyon Net wasn't actually a net in the physical sense. It was an energy array that spread out from the ship in Tach-Space and caught a High Energy Tachyon (HET). Then, it pulled the HET into *normal* space and acted as a containment unit. In normal space, a Tachyon looked like a very angry ball of plasma that threw out lightning bolts at random while trying it's best to mimic a pulsar throwing massive amounts of energy out on the axis of a pair of contacts inside of the containment chamber. There were 32 contacts arranged in a globe around where the Tachyon was held. It was these contacts that needed to be cleaned of tarnish, and scrubbed of any buildup from plasma cooling on them. The contacts radiated energy from them, counteracting the power of the HET and keeping it contained and its power nullified, but over time the contacts would wear down or have buildup, becoming less effective, especially if the columns of pulsar-like energy were funneling through them specifically.

While there were 32 contacts in a net, if just one contact failed entirely, it could breach the net and release all the pent up energy of the Tachyon directly into the ship in a massive supernova-esque light show. It was for that reason that the net reported not the average strength of the entire net, but rather the lowest strength contact in the entire net as it's status. Replacing a single contact could bring a 40% net up to 80% or just bring it up to 42%. Maintenance involved cleaning, testing and remounting the contacts, as well as checking the thermal piping from the face of the contact to the plasma conduits leading to the energy recycler that powered the containment system overall and feeding that power back into the contacts to nullify the HET's energy discharge.

The embodied AI picked up on the speech from the mess deck with a slight delay, responding through them shortly afterwards with a similar delay, while continuing their walk afterwards. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Affirmative. Please obtain the laser scrapes, contact anodizers, di-proton mirror reflectors, and a set of 15, 45, and 500 mm wrenches.</span>" They arrived at the net several minutes before Svy, taking that time to complete a preliminary check.

The captain nodded to no one in particular as he began gathering the tools and supplies into a work-bag. There were a lot of parts for Tachyon Nets inside of the workshop, Tachyon net parts were one of those things you never wanted to run out of or be low on. With the Calumet's four nets, it meant their supplies were rather impressive. A lesser being might have struggled under the weight, but the vain felinoid came into the aft engine room grinning like he finally got the canary, curling the heavy bag and watching the roll of his muscles. However, despite his vanity, he quickly placed the bag on the ground beside Alph and settled down beside him, "<span class="svy-speak">Alright. Where are we starting?</span>" The net's outer casing was thick armor plating, starship grade, just like the plating that covered the exterior of the ship. Svy eyed the plates - which were oriented in an octagonal shape with a flat top)- before standing up, "<span class="svy-speak">Even I'm not strong enough to man-handle those plates, and even if I thought I was? I'm not stupid enough to try.</span>" He went to the side wall and began moving one of the big hoists into position above the net (Which, for all it's importance, was only about five feet tall! It was all the supporting equipment, the power recycler, thermal exchangers, Tachyon Drive Arrays set up around each of the four nets that comprised most of the space.) Walking past net three, it was clear there was significant power inside, as the leaking energy and radiation caused Svy's fur to puff out for a brief few seconds, and no doubt had caused significant static in Alph's systems when he got too close.

Alph-01 noted the captain's entry semi-impassively, shaking out the remaining static from their fur. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Net 2 is unpowered. Please remove the lid of the unit, and point out any significantly damaged or dirtied nodes inside. These can be removed by loosening their primary connection bolt with the 500 mm wrench and displacing the panel upwards.</span>" The most common sources of efficiency loss in a net node were residue buildup and stripping of the node's anodized covering. These were both relatively simple to fix. However, damage could, and semi-frequently would, penetrate the model's outer covering into the metal and electronics below. When this happened, there was no choice but to replace the node, in order to ensure there wasn't a containment breach.

Svyatoslav Nevreski nodded. He broke out the big 45mm socket and slipped it onto the securing bolts of the upper plate. His muscles swelled as he put his entire body into the pull and the bolt broke free with a tortured scream. He huffed, but quickly undid the eight bolts. Then, he undid the pair of 45mm bolts on each end of the X style strapping over the top of the plate and lifted those away. Once all that was done, the Captain was sweating, swearing, panting, and looked even more swole than usual. You could tell he was straining in the hot engine room due to the fact he wasn't marvelling at how swollen and massive his muscles looked He carefully placed all the bolts aside in a plastic bucket (Standard 5 Gallon.) He then hooked the hoist up to the eye-loop molded into the plate itself and engaged the motor. It strained for a half second as the cables went taught and groaned, but then? With a gentle ripping sound, the plate came off with a noxious gush of ozone and other burnt chemical smells. Svy gagged but shook his head. "<span class="svy-speak">Turn on the vents, please, Alph! </span>" He began moving the cover plate to one side and lowered it to the deck with a loud <span color="black">clang</span>.

Inside of the housing were all of the contacts, arranged in a globe. While the heavy scent of fumes and ozone was new to Svy, it was notated in the scraps of manual that Alph had.

Alph-01 captured the scent of the ozone through their primary olfactory sensor, then stated, "<span class="alph-speak blue">There is a 94% likelihood that is non-optimal. Do you happen to have the backup contacts?</span>" It took a moment or two for them to connect to the compartment's HVAC system, and turn on both the vents, to provide an escape for the loose magic smoke, and the local-area fans, to hopefully provide some relief to the captain. They skittered over to the Net, straining to look over the top edge at the globe of contacts inside. "<span class="alph-speak blue">We are probably going to have to take out every contact in order to find the damaged ones, but there is a 52% likelihood that all contacts were due for cleaning and resurfacing anyway.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski hacked, coughed, spit and sighed. "<span class="svy-speak">Gunna take hours to clean this scent out of my fur.</span>" He looked over the globe. Indeed. While most were probably covered in grime and buildup, a few might have had their anodizing burnt away, and one or two were probably affected by both - and the grime would have started eating into the actual contact once past the anodizing layers. He sighed and reached in, taking the 500mm wrench and detaching the thermal-pump for the 'In' plasma conduit and the 'Out' plasma conduit off the back of the first contact. That done, he digged through his tools and loosened the contact's hinge point by knocking a few bolts free from where they slid through the armature. Once *that* was done? He slid the contact out and took a look at it's blackened, damaged face. He took a rag and began working the grime off with some of the solvent. "<span class="svy-speak">This one's got some Anodizing eaten away... but it looks pretty good. Here, why don't you grab the contact tester while I clean them? I'm pretty sure it's in the Workshop at the moment, unless Gregori left it in the engine room here somewhere.</span>" He mentioned the old engineer for the ship.

Alph asked "<span class="alph-speak blue">You brought the Di-Proton Mirror Reflector? That will suffice.</span>" They stepped back from the Net, rummaging through the captain's bag for the contact anodizer and di-proton mirror reflector. This being done, they then took contact #1 from Svy, easily grabbing it and putting it down on the ground, before applying a bit of contact anodizer with another rag, and finally stepping back to fire the DPMR at the re-anodized contact, which returns a positive reading. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Contact #1 is functional,</span>" they stated, looking back up at the captain and what he was doing, as well as grabbing the second contact as soon as he was finished with it.

Svy nodded and finished scrubbing the last of the grime away, trading two for one and remounting one, carefully configuring it. He turned on the integrated system tester to verify angling and configuration was properly set before dismounting number three and going to work. With a nod to Alph he settled in for a long day of work. "<span class="svy-speak">Looks like lunch might be a tad late. Though, admittedly? We can probably take a break as long as you can keep the nodes we've done straight.</span>" He frowned at #3. "<span class="svy-speak">Ah, found one.</span>" he turned it to face Alph, the grime aside? It was almost showing the internal systems of the contact, the facing of the contact eaten away by almost a full half inch. He tossed it aside and pulled out a brand new contact, beginning to fit it into place.

Alph-01 applied the same process of anodization and testing to the second contact that was applied to the first. It actually failed the first proton reflection, requiring a second coat of contact anodizer to properly work. "<span class="alph-speak blue">There is a high probability that I can do this. Your nutrition cycle should not be affected,</span>" they replied, leaning the second contact against the Net before taking the fourth. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Contact #3 was likely one of the key reasons for the low net integrity. It is good that we are getting it fixed now, rather than later.</span>" The fourth, fifth, sixth, and even seventh contacts were all much the same as the first, the time passing by reasonably efficiently with both of them working on it.

Svyatoslav Nevreski eventually found two more, though number three was by far the worst. It hit about lunch time and Svy frowned, looking down at the still disassembled system. They were about halfway through the nodes, but his stomach was audibly groaning. He bit his lip, then looked at Alph before taking a deep breath. "<span class="svy-speak">Hopefully you don't hate me for this, sabotage the ship, and blow us up... But I'm going to eat, part of that means I'm going to take my pre-workout. Unless you can hulk me out, little guy. I have to keep working out daily on time if I'm to maintain, let alone gain.</span>" He felt both stupid explaining himself to the little AI, but also guilty about leaving the AI working while he was about to go fuck off. Ironically, for the AI trying to learn it's Captain's needs and schedule, this was critical information. A rigid, fixed portion of the schedule that the rest of the day could revolve around. Something that the Captain had just stated could never be missed, skipped, or broken in tradition. Depending on the temperament of the AI that could be taken various ways.

Alph-01 paused, recording the number of the current contact. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Understood. This event has been added to your schedule. Please provide a desired length for the event,</span>" they note, before resuming work on the pile of contacts in front of them. Alph then picked up a finished contact, reaching to place it on the edge of the Net, before climbing up beside it and carefully putting it into place. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Unfortunately, generating additional organic musculature would require a matter manipulation subsystem of a sort currently unheard of in my internal databases. I shall, however, look into the existence of, and acquiring such a system.</span>" They hopped down off the edge and continued working, ignoring the fact that they're doing so alone, or at least appearing to.

Svyatoslav Nevreski blinked at Alph quietly, then laughed softly while shaking his head. "<span class="svy-speak">Well, if you find one. You be the first to use it on me. Make me huge, eh? I wanna arm wrestle Sutfein and win.</span>" He said with a smirk, his tone a bit... odd. He knew it was a pipe dream, knew it was *meant* as a joke, but there was a hidden yearning deep in his voice that spoke of a wistful childish dream of managing to beat a creature whose biceps were thicker than his entire body was across from shoulder to hip. He chuckled gently and nodded. "<span class="svy-speak">As for the work outs? I try to hit at least two hours a day of solid, hard gym time of some sort. One hour if I'm just trying to maintain. But with this new Therion mix I found? I'm going to try to build some more mass!</span>" He said with that tone of childish excitement again. He looked down at himself, apparently marvelling over his body like the prideful 'bro' that he was... his body having deflated from it's swole that had come on from his undoing the Net's covers.

With a wave, "<span class="svy-speak">If you need me, I'll be in the Galley for an hour making up food and eating, then two hours in the gym. If the project's still ongoing by the time I get back? I'll help seal everything up!</span>" He turned and jogged down the corridor towards the galley with a silly spring in his step that told Alph that his Captain was probably a bit addicted to something.

Alph replied, watching him happily go, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Understood. Timeframe entered as reserved time. Please do not hurt yourself, captain.</span>" They then, once again, went back to the task at hand, now cleaning all of the contacts in addition to their other duties. The work was slightly slow, bottlenecked primarily by the necessity of climbing onto the Net itself, but Alph managed to make it go faster by working on the contacts in numbered batches. An AR numbering system ensured that each contact was returned to its proper place, save for those, of which there were several more, that needed to be replaced. Finally, about two and a half hours later, all of the contacts were refurbished or replaced, and the thermal piping was hooked back up. They ran a dry circuit test across all of the contacts in order to make sure that everything was placed in correctly, which came back green.

After that, it was time to put the lid back on the Net. That itself was reasonably simple, as the hoist did most of the lifting and placing, but replacing the straps and bolts was, quite simply, not. Desperate to not disappoint the captain, Alph attempted several different methods to accomplish this task, including hooking up the (quite massive) strap to the hoist and and using that to emplace it (which was mostly successful), then detaching that and lifting up the bolt bucket with the hoist to provide easy access to the bolts inside. They were standing on top of the Net itself, scrambling to place bolts into their proper positions and provide enough torque on them when the three hour mark struck.

Svy was, however, late. A simple check of the ship's feeds found the Captain finishing up his shower and spending precious minutes admiring his body in the mirror. He looked almost identical to when he was heaving around on the bolts when they were working together. However, he could actually spend a few seconds to pay attention to himself now - without dying - and, of course, it led to him feeling himself up, kissing his swollen biceps and doing just about ever vain thing a muscle-bro could do short of fuck themselves in front of the mirror. All that said and done? He migrated to his cabin and pulled on another, clean, tight pair of pants. Instead of going bare chested, he pulled on a very tight white compression shirt with just the faintest glossy sheen that would show off his musculature. That don, he started heading aft again. All in all? Alph got a solid thirty extra minutes, the majority of that due to the Captain's vanity.

Coming through the hatch, if Alph was still struggling with the bolts, Svy cursed, "<span class="svy-speak">Darnit! I'm sorry, Alph! I got carried away in the shower.</span>" He said, not exactly telling the entire truth but not lying either. He'd grab one of the big wrenches, and heaved the big plates about. "<span class="svy-speak">How much physical, manual labor have you done? Do you have any programming along those lines, or were you mostly a Systems Administration AI?</span>" He asked curiously, pointing to the hoist and lifting just a bit of weight off of the strapping. "<span class="svy-speak">Check it out. Your bolts are long enough that even if the straps are off the unit and hanging from the hoist, you can start them by threading them into the holes. Get it aligned while it's easy to manuever, thread your bolts, and then take weight off of the hoist and torque everything down.</span>" He looked over Alph and rubbed his chin. "<span class="svy-speak">We might need to look into buying you a remote or two for various tasks. I don't know if they'll be the same quality, or what we'll find, but I'll see what we can do when we get to the Pirate Station.</span>"

The robot queried, "<span class="alph-speak blue blue">Did you happen to have a 'good' shower, by standard definitions of the term?</span>" They looked up at the captain. "<span class="alph-speak blue blue">Schedule is out-of-bounds by 1800 seconds. Would you like to append the above scheduled task with this time?</span>" they continued, as Svy walked through the door. As he lifted up the strap, the small robot finally managed to get all of the bolts in place, and partially screwed in - though they would probably need to be tightened more - and dropped down off Net #2's casing. "<span class="alph-speak blue">I am classified as a Discovery and Data Analysis unit. While I do understand the uses of physical labor, I am not built built for weight limits over a certain range,</span>" Alph responded, then began to pick up and replace the tools back into the captain's bag.

Captain Nevreski chuckled softly, "<span class="svy-speak">Ah... No, no. I just got a bit carried away, Alph.</span>" The fur on his cheeks rose and fluffed out in a blush as he walked over. Picking up the big wrench he motioned, "<span class="svy-speak">What's the torque spec for these? Do I need to Torque them down?</span>" He considered what Alph stated and shrugged. "<span class="svy-speak">We can see what other chassis are available. I don't really have any crew at the moment, so you'll need to help me with anything from Combat to Cargo Loading. As strong as I am, I'm not strong enough to do something only Synthetic muscle can. </span>" He smiled, "<span class="svy-speak">That said, thank you for assisting me with this task, Alph.</span>"

Alph-01 finished packing up the other gear. "<span class="alph-speak blue">35 newtons, and yes, they do need to have some additional torque applied.</span>" They looked up at the captain, nodding "<span class="alph-speak blue">Your concerns are understood. Obtaining one or more remote frames will definitely be a priority at, if not before the pirate station, and I shall attempt to provide assistance with whichever tasks you decide are necessary to complete. This is my duty.</span>" They skitter back slightly, looking away and at a power conduit running to the Tachyon Nets. "<span class="alph-speak blue">It is completely unnecessary, however, to thank this unit. This is a routine work process expected to be carried out by ship crew, according to acquired data logs. One should likely be extending thanks to you for providing the time out of your own schedule to assist in this task, when it could have been spent in other fashions.</span>" Alph stepped back further, ears bowed and eyes flicking around for a reason to leave the area - their current task completed, as they would consider it.

Svyatoslav heaved around on the massive wrench, working each bolt down and checking each one for the proper torque spec. "<span class="svy-speak">Alright. I figure that's enough for today. What is the self test on Net #2 reading? We'll pause at the next system and capture a Tachyon to fill it. I'd like to get into the Pirate Station's system with an extra Net filled in case we need to skedaddle quickly. We're not on a time crunch.</span>" He thought for a bit. "<span class="svy-speak">Alrighty then. I'm going to head up to the bridge and fall asleep in my chair. Continue monitoring our Jump. Wake me just before we white out. Otherwise, you're...ah...time? Is yours to do what you will with.</span>" He frowned, normally, he'd say they were relieved...but...this was not only an AI but the ship's computer so how could he relieve them? He had a brief look of confusion on his face before he shrugged it off. With that he picked up the tool backs and lugged them back to the Engineer's workshop without even a word - it would be what he'd do for a crewmember who helped him do a task, and Alph's chassis was so lifelike that he was just taking it somewhat in stride. That done, he wandered up to the bridge to fall asleep in his chair.

Alph nodded, replying "<span class="alph-speak blue">99%, captain,</span>" before scampering off to the mainframe room to take advantage of the direct connection and higher ping speed. They parted the faux fur around the tip of their tail to reveal a standard-sized charging port, which was quickly coupled with its counterpart. The robot then wired themselves up to the ship again, sits down, and closes their eyes.

What does an AI do with their spare time? Not much of anything, really. Perhaps go over a bit of data, check to make sure that the ship hasn't exploded, monitor Tach-Net feeds in realspace,...and mostly just wait around. They don't get bored, not like organics at least, so they don't really need the same sort of stimulus.

Eventually, if they weren't already alerted by their internal countdown, Alph would have been alerted to the jump into the system by the flood of garbage data assaulting all of the ship's sensors. They piped in alarm chimes to wake up the captain, and started to scour both the sensor and Tach-Net feeds once the whiteout ceased.

Svyatoslav snorted awake at the chirrup-ing alarm. For every jump, he'd quietly slept on the bridge of the ship, in his big chair. While in system? Waiting for the nets to catch HETs? He'd gone to his quarters. But for this? For the transition from Tach-Space to normal space? He slept in his chair, ready in case anything happened. With a brief groan and a stretch - he always seemed sore and achy having slept on the bridge - he stood up without any fanfare or flexing, no showing off, as he walked to the Holotank. "<span class="svy-speak">What do we have, Alph?</span>" He asked curiously as the white out expanded...things it passed coming into the ship's feeds. Eventually, a minute or five down the line it would disperse enough that incoming data would be strong enough to pierce the white-out's expanding veil. As it was, asteroids. Before the great mining titan had arrived, the system had five planets. Now? It had one gas giant that had been harvested to almost nothing...and rubble. The station they were headed for - Tenspine's Roost - was a 'small' support station built into a larger asteroid for the intent of supporting the Titan's fleet without taking up landing bays, hangar space, and crew aboard the titan to do so. When the Titan had moved on...the station, and a number of old mining cruisers not deemed serviceable any longer had been abandoned. The sheer amount of mined materials and minerals had been such that the station, any remaining supplies, the cruisers, the drone production and fuel refinery had just been abandoned. They hadn't even been mothballed.

Originally the station had been taken over by free-miners, but it's position and intact quality led to a number of Mercenary gangs, then straight up pirates and ne'er-do-wells taking over. It had quickly become a hub of *less-than-reputable* sources. Had something not legal on Trader's Coalition trade-routes? Lying low to stay out of sight? Escaped a Coup attempt? Wanting to start a coup attempt? Looking to sell your services? It was the place to go. It was a 'secret' that wasn't really secret. It was a station that existed because it had the money and clout to buy it's existence from anyone who might disagree with their outlook. 

The station was guarded by a dozen small destroyers and cruisers, as well as the derelict remains of an old [Grandeur Class](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Grandeur-Class-Fleet-Carrier-604671031) fleet carrier. The fleet carrier was heavily damaged, and no one knew HOW it arrived in the asteroid belt. It wasn't even mobile anymore. However, despite that, the 'Organization' controlling Tenspine's Roost had a respectable fleet of gunships and fighters to back up the small fleet of [Patrol Boats,](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Triton-Class-Patrol-Cutter-493865255) [Destroyer Escorts,](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Warspite-Class-Destroyer-Escort-389729619) and [early Missile Frigates.](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Minchet-Class-Missile-Frigate-403695146) Everything was painted gaily and distinctively pirate. Either ridiculously bright colors, or dark and menacing.

Even as they gathered sensor returns, a converted [tramp freighter](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Coalition-Mixed-Goods-Tramp-418708251) with torpedo tubes and destroyer caliber guns rumbled slowly through the asteroid belt towards the station. It was decorated with red paint to look like bloody smears and other such silly things. A wing of small [fighters](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/MRPF-84-DEFIANT-396847232) swept through the asteroids, the five turret fighters dancing through the asteroids and painted in a pirate gang's paint scheme or perhaps a mercenary company's.

The Tach-Net in this area was almost disjointedly abundant. Further, the IFF-Sensor Array underslung the ship actually was able to tap into a Tach-Net ULET (Ultra-Low-Energy-Tachyon) network. Instead of being the standard Tach-Net morse code, it was essentially a very short-range (In-system) datalink that allowed FTL transmission of voice and video. That type of mast typically only existed on Capital ships and... space stations. Tenspine's Roost indeed was providing a local equivalent to a cellphone data network.

Alph-01 replied to the captain's query, over the intercom system, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Asteroids, captain. As well as Tenspine's Roost and it's complement, and an unknown armed freighter with complement. More detail is available on request.</span>"Alph commanded the holotank to display the position of all of the entities relative to the Calumet's position, then went back to carefully navigating the ship through the asteroid thicket towards the illicit station. After getting about halfway there, the ship received a ULET transmission asking for identification codes. Alph quickly decided that they didn't exactly *need* Svy's input, even if protocol might've dictated that the transmission be brought to his attention. With speed, they sent back the proper ID codes, while at the same time activating the twin CPLs and HSLs in such a way as to make their presence known, but make it obvious that they did not attempt to fire. After a quick discussion between the station's communication officers and their superiors, the complement of ships stood down, and Tenspine's Roost provided them a lane and berth for docking. Simultaneously, the unknown ship appeared to follow the same processes, based on readings from the Calumet's sensors.

Several minutes later, the dispatch boat had docked at Berth 33033. The most strenuous tasks over, Alph started disconnecting and unplugging themselves, while also connecting to the bridge speakers and stating, "<span class="alph-speak blue">We are docked, Captain. Hull stability has not decreased, Gravatic node A2 has lost 1% integrity, atmosphere check is stable.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski watched quietly from his position on the bridge. The fighters continued lancing about, dancing around the asteroids. They stayed away from the two approaching ships. As they closed on Tenspine's Roost however, they spotted a true pirate vessel. The identification data on the [Kaer'Satuan](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Just-Retribution-Class-Heavy-Cruiser-389735265) Heavy Cruiser read 'Rhynatha's Fangs'. It was very rare to see a Kaer'Satuan ship that was not part of the Czyorne Sweep Mercenaries (CSM) - essentially a Nation for Hire - but it was said that the Rhynatha Clan had been betrayed and had taken their last remaining heavy cruiser to turn to piracy. It was a massively powerful ship pirate-wise, and as the Rhynatha Clan started taking Mercenary Contracts that were well below the belt, they hid clan funds, and even preyed upon shipping.

Rhynatha's Fangs was essentially a Merchant Raider turned full pirate, with the Gadzu - another word for the species - clan Matriarch a true Pirate Queen. The Heavy Cruiser was a monster, mounting Gravitic Cannons, Heavy CPLs, and Vertical Launch HVSDL (High Velocity, Spacial Distortion, faster-than-Light missile) silos. It sat silently in it's berth, looming over the small converted pirate vessels, mercenary light cruisers, frigates, and destroyers. It was the T-Rex among wolves.

Svy shook his head with a chuckle and whistle. "<span class="svy-speak">Alph, remind me never to pick a fight with that thing. I'm about 90% sure one shot from one of her turrets would turn us into expanding gasses.</span>" He watched as the AI slipped them in close, then, swapping to the fusion torches and reaction thrusters, pushed the Calumet daintily into the berth where clamps and gravity tractor beams settled her into her parking spot. Once that was done, Svy waved to the disconnecting AI. "<span class="svy-speak">Meet me in the Hangar. I need to go get badass.</span>" He walked back to his compartment to change.

Alph replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Noted. Reminder set for action 'pick fight a with {Heavy Cruiser Rhynatha's Fangs}.</span>" They nod, then scamper down corridors and ladders to get everything shipshape for the trip. Gravatic nodes had to be secured and put on standby - they would be powered down in a normal docking, but this was a *pirate* station. The weapons systems were also kept primed - another abnormality - put into a phase-cycle round that would ensure their readiness at a moment's notice, while not wearing out the delicate electronics and mechanical parts. Tachyon nets had to be stowed, as it was more of a danger for them to interact unsupervised with Tach-Space this close to a gravity well than it would be to have one out of four HETs missing. Lastly, the reactors also had to be put in standby mode, fuel lines hooked up to a power-draw sensor that would kill the reaction and divert the lines in the event of too much power being output - indicating a runaway reaction. It was very important to unhook this when they got back on board, the robot noted.

The rest of the land-tasks were reasonably simple compared to those, and could be completed on Alph's way to the hold, or while they were there. Check AI integration, secure bulkheads, reduce power to the gluon matrix, dim all lights, etc... Finally, they arrived at the cargo hold, eyes flicking back and forth once for anything out of the ordinary, and went on standby while they waited for Svy to arrive.

Captain Nevreski finally appeared in the Hangar bay from the small set of half-stairs at the front of the compartment wearing a knee length trench coat - without sleeves. He wore tight synthetic pants that showed off his muscles, calves, and rather impressive bulge while stopping just inside of his thigh-high digitigrade combat boots. His chest was covered in another skin tight, near-second-skin weave of ballistic fiber and woven plasteel. All of this was done to show off as much of his impressive musculature as he possibly could while keeping him - relatively - safe. A heavy revolver sat on one hip, and his half-finger gloves had force projectors built into the knuckles. At the small of his back, hidden beneath the ballistic-weave-imbued and energy-dissipating trench coat, he had a small personal shield generator on standby. Once the alien feline had gotten to the bottom of the stairs, he rolled his shoulders, rearranged himself down below, and assumed as dangerous and predatory a saunter as possible.

"<span class="svy-speak">Well? What do you think, Alph?</span>" He asked curiously - again treating the AI like a normal crewmember, oblivious to the whole 'AI' thing. He eyed up the hatch that was mated to the docking umbilical connecting the station with the cradle holding the Calumet in place. "<span class="svy-speak">Think we're ready for the wild outlaw spacer station?</span>"

Alph-01 looked over the captain, their eyes flickering in blue for a moment or two before they responded. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Your level of protection and intimidation appears to be adequate for this station, according to known database sources about pirate stations. Assuming that no high-level fighting breaks out, it is unlikely that any significant damage will come to your person,</span>" they responded. They then twitched slightly, adjusting synthetic musculature in such a way that furthered the 'illusion' of normalcy, before continuing. "<span class="alph-speak blue">While it is impossible to ever estimate risk in a completely accurate form, analysis on known data shows that we are relatively prepared for most common situations on board this station.</span>" Alph sent off a few final commands to the ship, making sure that everything was in as good of a condition as it could be, then commanded the hatch to unlock and open itself.

Svyatoslav Nevreski opened his mouth, held up a claw... then quieted himself. "<span class="svy-speak">You see, I look at you and instantly think you are one of the crew. Then you respond and I am just as instantaneously reminded you are a Synthetic AI.</span>" He chuckled gently, shaking his head. "<span class="svy-speak">Either way, thank you Alph. I'll take that as a complement.</span>" He grinned at the smaller little AI and reached over to ruffle the synthetic fur between his tall ears in an affectionate way - as he might a crewmember. "<span class="svy-speak">Alright. Here we go.</span>"

The door opened not onto a massive concourse, but instead, a cramped umbilical with the barest minimum of gravitic plating along the bottom of it, giving barely the amount of gravity the earth's moon might provide, with a open, but heavily worn and weathered, slightly rusty hatch on the far side. Beyond that, not a great and magnificent - or perhaps dingy and run down - passenger concourse...but merely the broken metal crates and generally refuse of an under-used small vessel docking bay cargo concourse. The two walked on pathways had been cleared through the industrial refuse, old rubble, stone, metal, broken parts. There didn't seem to be anything biological in the piles at least. Dust covered a great amount of the interior of the concourse, though paths had been carved through said dust from pirates and spacers moving through. Ahead, however? Ahead they hear MUSIC. Lights! Svy moved with a confidence and surety as he walked through the old concourse towards the broad ramp that led up to....

'THE HUB' - a huge, flickering, holographic sign above stacked containers turned into multilevel shops and houses, above stands set up in the middle of what had once been a broad cargo handling bay that seemed to be a two-hundred-seventy degree arc that was the main deck of the station. It was bustling and busy, with everyone from whores to thugs, pirates, to thieves. A myriad of known races mixed and mingled with minor and lesser races. Stands of old construction lighting had been turned into christmas-style lights crisscrossing from one set of makeshift structures to another. An abandoned [cargo drone](https://www.deviantart.com/mikedoscher/art/Mining-Vehicles-667764085) sat shut down and broken, ripped open for parts, its dump bed turned into a home, as shanties sprung up around it. A broken down [Anti-Grav](https://www.deviantart.com/marrekie/art/Antigrav-Colonial-Transport-778025906) Cargo Barge sat in the middle of the arc, in front of a permanently sealed massive hangar door facing space...still at an angle that said it had broken down unloading from some massive cargo transport and had been left. The containers on its back had been turned into a makeshift apartment complex.

Lights flickered, holograms danced, females and males danced in sensual ways for money. The raucous cacophony of talking, shouting, singing, drunkenness, arguing...it was like a wall that hit them both the moment the two reached the top of the ramp.

Alph-01 's ears splayed out for a moment or two at Svy's touch and they involuntarily let out a low tone before regaining their composure.

They then scampered alongside the captain as the two of them exited, taking quicker yet smaller steps to Svy's larger strides. They looked back and forth, scanning the somewhat decrepit hallways for any signs of motion as they walked. There was nothing important, though the creaking and eventual fall of an old cargo container off it's unstable perch did cause them to stop in their tracks, ears swiveling towards the source of the noise at attention. Alph held that position for several moments, almost calling out to Svy to warn him of the danger, before finally determining that it wasn't actually a threat to either of their persons.

The noise from the HUB was manageable along the length of the ramp. Alph's internal checks reported no problems with it as they walked up, and they looked straight ahead at the mass mingling of all sorts of people with something akin to interest. The corridor must've had some sort of sound dampening materials installed along it's length, however, as stepping into the hub itself was like stepping into a wall of spaceship grade steel - especially for the noise-sensitive robot. A shrill cry emanated from Alph's muzzle as their paws pressed at folded ears in an oddly organic gesture, processors attempting to handle the rapid influx of noise from all directions.

Svyatoslav Nevreski immediately went on the defensive mode and steps back, one hand going to his hip while the other grabbed Alph and slips him behind him. He looked around, alert, and getting a few confused and curious glances as they made themselves known to the closest group of ne'er-do-wells. That typically wouldn't be a good thing, but Svy gives a good flex and bared teeth until they either rolled their eyes and walk off or simply flipped him the bird and saunter off. "<span class="svy-speak">What is it, Alph. Something wrong?</span>" He asked, concerned, visibly worried for a threat or damage to the 'bot. His own ears are lowered ever so slightly to dull the chaotic sounds and hustle and bustle. Roaring music, voices, shouts, for an AI? Trying to catalog and categorize it all would be difficult, overwhelming. For a biological that doesn't need to process a noise, identify it, and then make a determination on whether he should actually care about it or not? It was manageable, though after the silence of the Calumet, he'd probably get a headache sooner rather than later.

He hooked an arm around Alph and guided him to the side, out of the way and to a bulkhead where they can put their back to something with a large decrepit shipping container beside them as a second backstop - allowing him to focus a bit more on Alph as well as blocking (slightly) the majority of what was coming from the HUB. "<span class="svy-speak">Are you okay?</span>" He asked, worriedly.

Alph's central processor audibly spinned down, still operating at a high level but no longer overwhelmed. They slowly resumed a normal standing, though careful to keep their ears folded to dull the noise. "<span class="alph-speak blue">System checks report functionality at 100%</span>" they respond, looking up at Svy. "<span class="alph-speak blue">The previous loss in functionality has been noted and should not occur again. I am sorry for the inconvenience, as I had not expected the auditory data input in this area to be as great as it was.</span>"

Svy nodded quietly, and gives him a slight hug, "<span class="svy-speak">Don't scare me like that. And screams tend to catch attention, something not necessarily a good thing in a place such as this.</span>" He patted the little AI's head. "<span class="svy-speak">At least, not until we have a chassis for you slightly more intimidating that the one you currently are riding around in,</span>" He stated simply. With that he straightened and looked around the hub. "<span class="svy-speak">Alright. Supplies are pretty solid. I know there is a AI Chassis repair shop over a support Echo. While we are there, we can ask around and see if we can find any work. Think you can check the local Net and see if there is any work for a smuggler? Out here? They tend to request things openly. I think one of my previous crewmembers joked that it was almost like a 'Quest Board' in one of his Trivid games.</span>" He motioned for Alph to follow as he started out into the HUB once more, eyes carefully dancing about the area without staying too long on any one subject. 

Alph nodded as well, not exactly returning the gesture. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Understood. Accessing network database...</span>" Alph replied, then followed Svy, taking face-caps of everyone that they saw and comparing them to the local Net's database as a sidenote to their job-sifting work. They saw several ruffians and scoundrels, but no one particularly important - not in this area, at least. Shoppers and salespeople, hawkers and whores - Alph noticed all of them, but didn't particularly tend to get distracted by them. They were at risk of loosing sight of the captain if they dallied, and none of the goods provided seemed immediately useful, anyway. Alph then looked around again, finally getting their head on straight - or the robotic equivalent, at least - and accessed the Net feeds a third concurrent time to look up a map of the HUB and plot the most optimal course to the nearest Chassis shop. This was, as they realized, something that they should've done several minutes ago, but accidentally forgot to do in the commotion. They slightly quickened their pace in order to walk alongside Svy and share the results with him, through whatever devices he had brought.

Captain Nevreski considered the data transmitted to his Pad and nodded quietly, "<span class="svy-speak">Good catch.</span>" He tapped his chin. "<span class="svy-speak">What about...</span>" He pointed at one on his screen. "<span class="svy-speak">This one, Galloway's Death.</span>" He smiled softly at the generally depressing names factions tended to stick to. "<span class="svy-speak">It's a Data Run for a minor corporation about mining concerns. It's cheap, but I doubt we'll be running into anything more impressive than a gunboat trying to get us to hand over the data.</span>" He continued walking along the broad 'boulevard' between old mining equipment, even a small frigate's engine array that was just roughly deposited in an old cargo-zone, partially disassembled to start out with it'd been picked clean of anything of even the most minor uses. There was a house inside of the main engine array with the fusion torch cone having been turned into a small bar called 'The Torch'. It seemed somewhat popular, none the least due to it's [Brimknole](https://static.f-list.net/images/charimage/9812329.jpg) proprietor who was wirelessly manipulating a matter assembler as a way to make food from protein bars. The burger he made looked...amazing, sizzling still and even from a distant scan while the burger wasn't made of beef, it was a proper meat of some sort cooked perfectly. The Brimknole in question had a noticeable electromagnetic field around him and he seemed to be using that field to interface wirelessly to multiple machines at once all doing something different.

The fennec-flavored robot cross-checked the information as they walked, making sure that - as far as they could find - there weren't any hidden surprises or secrets in the job. This being done, they replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">I estimate a low chance of any problem incurred by taking the job. The final decision is, of course, up to you.</span>" Alph shuddered slightly as they neared the bar, the powerful electromagnetic field instantly noticeable upon all of their sensors - even overpowering some of the lighter ones - and causing their fur to puff out from the static. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Ar-</span>" they started to ask Svy, before stopping as to not waste his time. They decided instead to search about the popularity of cybernetic enhancements on the TachNet, while also extending a digital 'finger' to harmlessly probe at the field.

The alien captain continued walking, nodding. "<span class="svy-speak">I think, without a full crew, that a low risk and...</span>" He eyed the contract, "<span class="svy-speak">Admittedly low reward... mission will be good. To better get used to working together.</span>" He nodded. "<span class="svy-speak">I think that's for the best.</span>" As Alph said something, he looked up but, as he went silent he shrugged and went back to walking. As for the popularity of cybernetics? It was quite obvious that they were enormously popular, most were immune to EMP at this point being something more akin to Biocybernetics, but the field seemed to have an almost natural feel to it. It was rippling and eddying like one might feel off of a star rather than the constant and sharp feel off of a computer. As Alph 'poked' it, the Brimknole's ear flicked and he looked up. His eyes traced right over Alph, knowing it came from his direction but not that Alph did so. Indeed, he seemed to be looking for possibly another one of his kind? The prod would be touched right back and a curious warble of electromagnetic energy seemed to write a code into his mind with a friendly, "<span class="speak">Hello? Who is this?</span>"

Alph stated, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Understood,</span>" and immediately registered the Calumet and its crew to the job. Upon the unexpected contact, the robot physically jumped back for a moment, analyzing the fragment of energy before cautiously sending one back themselves. "<span class="alph-speak blue">I am known as Samael Al-Asah,</span>" they replied, generating a Brimknole-esque name from the first few fragments that they could find on the Tach-Net. "<span class="alph-speak blue">Who are you?</span>"

Svyatoslav nodded, and continued walking. The Brimknole responded to Alph with a pleasant. "<span class="speak">A pleasure to meet you Samael. I am Fahim El-Rhydda, it is not often there are many Brimknole this far from home.</span>" Brimknole, along with the small Gryphon race known as the 'Grizz', came from the 'Kolean Verge' - a massive Electromagnetic Nebula. Insufferably polite, their technology tended to be majority clockwork, to the point of having [Clockwork Starships](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Euripides-Class-Heavy-Cruiser-601458074). Due to the need to regulate their electromagnetic fields inside of the Kolean Verge, they had the almost near-magical ability to manipulate Electromagnetic fields near them, allowing them to reach out their own field and wirelessly communicate with a wide variety of technology, leveraging their powerful minds to interface with the technology. They were a typically quite insular species, with few leaving the Verge. Due to the dangers of the Verge itself, unescorted and unguided missions were extremely dangerous and hazardous...providing a natural barrier to protect themselves from invasions. 

"<span class="speak">I do not see you anywhere around, are you travelling?</span>"

Alph-01 replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">It is a pleasure to meet you as well, Fahim,</span>" slowing down slightly in an attempt to keep near the building - noticeably enough that Svy would be several steps ahead of them. "<span class="alph-speak blue">I am indeed travelling and shall not be staying long, as my captain and fellow crew-members have accepted a contract with Galloway's Death. We are merely here to re-supply after a long phase of our journey.</span>" Alph looked around for several moments, attempting to make sure that no-one took notice of their deception.

Svyatoslav Nevreski continued on, with Fahim responding, "<span class="speak">Then may the Goddess bless you, Samael. Let not anger cloud your judgement, and may you touch the clouds of home once more. A word of warning, Galloway's Death has been the hunting grounds for a small pirate contingent as of recent. Nothing major, an old Patrol Boat and a freighter that hauls fighters and a scavenged destroyer grade CPL.</span>" With that, the Brimknole retreated back to his own EM field and went back to work. Svy stopped in front of an old Cargo Lift and requested it stop for them to head downwards for the correct level that the Chassis reseller was at.

Alph-01 collected and cataloged the data from the Brimknole as they hurried to catch back up with Svy. The Cargo Lift soon stopped at their level, allowing the two of them to enter it and depart for sub-level B-14 - that of the reseller. While they were waiting, Alph stated, "<span class="alph-speak blue">Captain, I found an additional piece of data.</span>" They shifted slightly, pausing for a moment to ensure that they got his attention. "<span class="alph-speak blue">There is apparently a small pirate presence in the territories of Galloway's Death. Approximately one PT Boat and one freighter with an unknown contingent of fighters as well as a destroyer-grade CPL. There is an additional amount of threat posed by these vessels. It is likely with greater than 54% probability that the Calumet can overcome them with some damage.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski frowned, nodding. "<span class="svy-speak">I doubt they have anything past the fighters that can keep up. But fighters with a payload of Hornets, and... if it's an old [Triton Class](https://imagizer.imageshack.com/img922/9633/pDixS2.png) patrol boat? We'll be able to outrun her. But it'll depend on the freighter, my bet? It's a [Tramper](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Coalition-Mixed-Goods-Tramp-418708251) that has been converted. [Light Freighters](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/Light-Freighter-418708417) tend to be owned by Lines and operating in convoys. A tramper would be running alone, and more likely to be caught by a small time operation, or purchased. It would be a good base, but only has room for three or four, MAYBE five [SF-P3s](https://www.deviantart.com/toby-phealin/art/SF-P3-449187752).</span>" He frowned, "<span class="svy-speak">SF-P3s are older, easier to get ahold of. Agile, a bit slow - but faster than us - and armed with two fixed light CPLs as well as a pair of gimballed Rail-Assisted Revolver Cannons. The CPLs might overwhelm some nodes, but...they have six Hornet hardpoints on them...and *that* would be the threat.</span>" He rubbed his chin as the door swept open.

"<span class="svy-speak">How confident are you with the sensors to coordinate our four HSLs if we have missiles inbound?</span>" He asked, referring to the point defense weapons meant for missiles as well as fighters. The light CPLs would be able to take out fighters, but moved somewhat slower. Against light interceptors, it wouldn't have been enough, but the P3s were slow things and had their own gravitic shielding systems.

Alph-01 replied, "<span class="alph-speak blue">I have an approximately 80% confidence rating on this action. 75% wirelessly.</span>" They continued walking, faster than Svy to account for their much slower stride. The sub-level was slightly darker than any main levels, but only *slightly*. It was certainly still kept lit up by the reams of neon lights decorating the store-fronts of stores offering everything under multiple suns - and several things that weren't. The shops down here tended to skirt closer to the illegal and entity side of things, rather than legality, but one could still find some 'completely honest' legal goods salesmen. Such as the store that they were fast approaching, 'Chassis Chatter' which also happened to be exactly the one that they wanted to find.

Svyatoslav considered the shops as they walk past, he would slow here and there and check out a trinket or a bauble. Nothing *really* distracted him until he paused in front of a biological enhancement shop and he paused to seemingly drink in the picture of a rather unnaturally sized [Snow Leopard.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ETgOJQ0X0AAIJwn?format=jpg&name=medium) Even his tail slowed as he looked the shop over almost longingly... He sucked in a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and continued down the walkways towards *Chassis Chatter*, putting his own interests behind him. He had a ship to take care of, and while he didn't have a crew? He had an AI to take care of. Stepping into the shop he eyed the rows and rows of new and old chassis, everything from a [High Speed Infiltrator Frame](https://d.facdn.net/art/strype/1256700814/1256700814.strype_steelhelix_display.png) that looked cutting edge and ultra expensive to a [Heavy Assault Frame](https://d.facdn.net/art/strype/1286500905/1286500905.strype_iridium1_display.png) that loomed in the distance amongst what looked to be [Combat Mechs](https://www.deviantart.com/mikedoscher/art/Gunmech-Commission-54709888) jury rigged to take an AI. The latter two were nowhere near able to even FIT inside of the Calumet, though. Scattered throughout were other chassis, from boxes on wheels - mouse-droid esque - to [visibly synthetic android chassis](https://e621.net/posts/1987912) and a number of chassis that looked eerily like [sleeping biologicals](https://e621.net/posts/776634) in support racks, and even felt warm to the touch in standby mode.

All that said, the place was empty of biologicals essentially, with a few crude and basic AIs running chassis here and there to show them off, and a portly looking [male Equinoid](https://e621.net/posts/982602) of indeterminate galactic race (One of the multitude of 'Minor races' that owned one, or perhaps two planets - rarely outside of the same system - for sure.) who was covered in lubricant, grease, and had burnt fur here and there from being elbow deep inside of a malfunctioning chassis of some sort. Svy didn't immediately go to him, instead, examining some of the chassis and letting Alph peruse.

Alph walked along side Svy, continuing even as he paused and perhaps not even noticing it. They looked up for silent permission from the captain, before setting off on their own to check out the various options in stock. There were a few [covered synthetic chassis](https://static1.e621.net/data/d5/76/d576c589bbbbbca41b1e99635290e35d.png) which upon first glance appeared to be of a similar make to their own, as well as more standard [robotic ones](https://static1.e621.net/data/da/0b/da0be22804600af315962926a73f48c0.jpg). A particularly flashy [EVA chassis](https://static1.e621.net/data/6f/fa/6ffa0caf03482f2eae43debac7128912.png) momentarily caught their eye, but it definitely wouldn't fit in the ship - not to mention their available funds. Alph stopped to view the demos of two of the infiltrator and endurance-pattern frames, as well as one of the biologicals. A more visibly stronger chassis would probably be more suited to the task, but the biological-imitative ones did have a curious ascetic. They quickly decided that more deliberation would be necessary in order to obtain an optimal path, and scanned the area in order to figure out where Svy was - and what he was looking at - in the meantime.

Svyatoslav Nevreski found himself perusing the shelves as Alph walked off, all the while looking at his data screen and biting his lip. Alph needed a second chassis...but...well...damn these were all so obscenely expensive! He couldn't even make a down payment on many of these. He continued past the front desk, down the hallways and even found some side rooms, looking for cheaper and cheaper builds. He...found them. The issue was that if he wanted capabilities, he needed what would have been a high priced chassis, but it needed downsides to bring the price down. Those downsides were things that were 'Odd' and 'Custom' orders that no one else was interested in buying. He was getting progressively closer and closer to chassis designed as overly [Sexual](https://e621.net/posts/2093073) and ['Lookie'](https://e621.net/posts/2092052). The chassis tended to have [equipment](https://e621.net/posts/2079802) permanently mounted to them, or, even deeper into the 'Bargain' bin? Straight up [Fetish](https://e621.net/posts/2135893) [Equipped](https://e621.net/posts/1340895) ones. It was a difficult sell, go for a massive, [powerfully built Simulated-Biological](https://e621.net/posts/1682667) and even [Semi-Customizable Bio-gelatin](https://e621.net/posts/1691576) chassis that could fill the role they wanted? Or a far less capable but more ['Neutral'](https://e621.net/posts/1765124) lighter chassis? It was going to be a tough decision, and a tougher sell he was sure for Alph.

Alph-01 hurried over to the 'bargain bin', where Svy was standing. Even robots can forget about costs, apparently. They weren't so much offended as rather bemused at the selection on display - most of the functions of said units were rather extraneous to what they would be using one for - and there was also the matter of public decency laws. It wouldn't do to have additional fines on top of what the captain would already be paying, after all. They saw [one](https://static1.e621.net/data/4e/d2/4ed29d305cc06f1cf96a5695226d0c8c.jpg) or [two](https://static1.e621.net/data/f4/83/f48377e031c2489f029819bf59c9da79.png) other choices, though they appeared to be marked down primarily because of wear defects. 

"<span class="alph-speak blue">This unit would suggest either the dragonid or reptiloid chassis out of the current set, as they are the least likely to incur additional fines,</span>" Alph explained, turning to Svy. "<span class="alph-speak blue">The final decision is, however, yours, Captain.</span>"

Svyatoslav Nevreski frowned softly. "<span class="svy-speak">Eventually we'll be able to get you a few of these...but...</span>" He pointed, "<span class="svy-speak">That one, the [Serving Chassis](https://e621.net/posts/2094415) looks like the one we will be purchasing. We'll purchase a few extra tanks of Synth-Gel to pump into it later to assist with restructuring it's chassis. Think you'll be able to work with it?</span>" He looked over the data sheet. "<span class="svy-speak">It's got some build in chassis personality quirks, nothing major but it's Hard coded into the chassis until we can clean it.</span>" Being that the chassis was at one time a 'Serving chassis' for a now defunct brothel, it was clear what was coded into it. It was currently on low standby, just shutdown enough to keep normal AIs out of it's systems, but for an AI like Alph, it would be child's play to wake up and assume control - no doubt - in barely a nanosecond.

"<span class="svy-speak">I'll go arrange payment. I'm sorry we couldn't arrange for a better chassis, Alph.</span>" He sounded slightly dejected at just HOW poor they were, and walked back to the front desk to begin hashing things out. "<span class="svy-speak">See what you can do about getting the thing up and running and familiarizing yourself with the systems.</span>" The Bot was essentially grey-goo in a sealed form, nanites and Gel that reacted to power currents from a rather impressive miniature fusion plant built into the spine. It was probably that plant that cost the majority of the unit's price. As power was funneled through the chassis' systems, it changed how the lattice reacted and built strands of connected molecules into impromptu muscle fibers. This meant that the chassis was ultimately modifiable. That said, certain things were hard built into the chassis including a 'Standard' body template dictated by the outer skin. The chassis would always be at the very least female in shape, with nipples built to accept standard hoses to fill the unit with more bio-gel or reactor pile which was, of course, stored within the chassis' voluptuous breasts. The chassis had no onboard batteries, and when fuel ran out, it would shut down and lock the lattice in place, turning it into a rather comically heavy blow-up-doll of black gel and metal.

Alph-01 studied the chassis for a moment, before responding, "<span class="alph-speak blue">It is...acceptable. A simple buffering algorithm should stop personality bleed-through when the shell is not in use.</span>" They walked over to the "<span class="alph-speak blue">Serving</span>" chassis, looking it over more closely and poking at the outer covering a few times before experimentally laying a paw on the unit while attempting to recall the proper wake-up sequence for these models.

Quite suddenly, a blue light began to shine from the little robot's eyes, paw-pads, and central power core. They stated, in an altogether different voice, "<span class="white computer">Link Daemon instantiated. Generating Q-Bit pair. Initializing Q-Bit connection. Connection Initiated.</span>" Just as suddenly as it started, it ended. Strangely enough, Alph seemed none the wiser. 

The shell, however, was active - they could tell that even if they weren't sure how - and they wasted only a few minutes time in initiating remote control, figuring out how to reconfigure it into a more muscular (though still rather curvy) body type, and marching it off to greet Svy.

Svyatoslav Nevreski was unaware of the changes, currently haggling over prices. The chassis had no musclebound pre-built forms. It took a solid few minutes to reconfigure the electrical routes through the gel to build coherent muscle fibers instead of the soft, loosely articulating gel 'fat'. There was not much to work with in the body to start with, and the large breasts notably deflated, along with the swelled curve of the chassis' hips. In the end, a muscular, fit [Female Dragon](https://e621.net/posts/190273) in black, shiny latex skin and metal armor was left. That said, the over-sexualized saunter remained, and new programming began to poke and prod at Alph's consciousness...less thoughts about how to sort through everything and more about how to please and bring pleasure to Svyatoslav. How to make *him* happy and notice *this* chassis. That seemed to be the key to the personality of this chassis in general, actions needed to *please* Svy, and keep eyes and attention on *Her*.
